Transations in DB for each usecase

For Everyone:-
---------------

1. Use Case : Login
	
	1. Search in DB for specific credentials
	2. Insert new credentials into login table 

	

For Owners:-
------------

2. Use Case: View Employee details

	1. Query all existing employee records's name
	2. Return details of a single selected employee


3. Use Case: Delete Employee details
	
	1. Delete employee record details from the table

4. Use Case: Add Employee details
	
	1. Add a new entry into the employee table


5. Use Case: View Dish details
	
	1. Query all records' names from the dish table
	2. Return details of a selected dish

6. Use Case: Delete dish 

	1. Remove the particular dish record from database

7. Use Case: Add Dish details
	1. Insert a new entry to the dishes table

8. Use Case: View and edit Restaurant details
	1. These details will be stored as a JSON file.


9. Use Case: View Item details
	
	1. Query all items name from the item table.
	2. Query particular item record from the item table.


10. Use Case: View Items purchased and used up on that day
	
	1. Fetch all items from day-to-day-items relation. 


11. Use Case: View Table Status
		
	1. Fetch all tables from the table relation
	2. Fetch further details about a table from the table relation

12. Use Case: View order history details
	
	1. Fetch all order's few details from the orders relation
	2. Fetch complete details of a particular order from the orders relation

13. Use Case: View customer details 
	1. Fetch few details of all customers from the customers relation
	2. Fetch complete details of a particular customer.

    
14. Use Case: View offer details
	1. Fetch  all offers from the offers relation

15. Use Case: View delivery person details
    1. Fetch all delivery person from the employees table / delivery person table
    2. Fetch the details of a specific delivery person.



For Customers:-
---------------

16. Use Case: View menu and select items
    1. Fetch all items from the ITEM relation

17. Use Case: View cart and confirm the order   
    1. This will be stored in the frontend itself - design choice
    2. On confirmation, insert a new order into the orders relation.

18. Use Case: View previous orders
    1. Fetch orders from orders table, filter on a particular customer.
    2. Fetch a particular order detail, on selection.
    
19. Use Case: Change account details
    1. Fetch existing account details from Customers table and login table.
    2. Modify customer details record in the customers table.
       


For Chef:-
-----------
The relevant subset of Owner use cases - (Manage Dishes,Menu,Recipe of dishes)


For Head Waiter:-
------------------
The relevant subset of Owner use cases - (Manage Table Status, Manage Waiters)

20. Use Case: Change table status
    1. Fetch the existing table status from the tables relation
    2. Modify the record in the tables relation.

For Inventory Manager :-
--------------------
The relevant subset of Owner use cases - (Manages inventory of items)

21. Use case : Update about items
    1. Fetch existing details about the item from the ITEMS relation.
    2. modify the item record in the item relation


For Billing Manager:-
-------------------
The relevant subset of Owner use cases - (Managers Orders and Customers)

22. Use Case: Create an order
    1. Add a new entry in the orders relation

For Delivery Manager:-
-------------------
The relevant subset of Owner use cases - (Manages Delivery Persons and Area Codes)

23. Use Case: Assign a delivery person
    1. Fetch all delivery persons and their details.
    1. Modify the record of a particular person.












