Bussiness Logic Controller

For Everyone:-
---------------

Use Case : Login

	User needs to sign up at first, before logging into the web app. From next time onwards, they can directly sign in.

For Owners:-
------------

Use Case: View Employee details
	
	All employees previously added via the "Add Employee" option and those already existing in the database will be visible. A particular employee details can be bought into focus by clicking on it.


Use Case: Delete Employee details

	Employee record will be deleted. There is no way to recover these details.
	
Use Case: Add Employee details

	A new employee has to be added to the database using this option. The new employee can have a same name as another employee, since we will have a unique employee ID.

Use Case: View Dish details

	All dishes added previously via the "add dish" option and those already present in the database will be displayed. A particular dish can be viewed in focus by clicking on it.


Use Case: Delete dish 

	This particular dish will be removed from the database. This operation is irreversible.

Use Case: Add Dish details

	A new dish is added into the menu using this option. The dish name needs to be unique, to avoid confusion for customers.	

Use Case: View and edit Restaurant details
	
	Restaurant details can be edited and saved. We need a photo, address, ph.no and a neat description.

        
Use Case: View Item details
	
	All items added previously via the "add item" option and those already present in the database will be displayed. A particular item can be viewed in focus by clicking on it.


Use Case: View Items purchased and used up on that day

	Items used up will be reflected in the dishes-orders served. Items purchased will be managed by the Inventory Manager.


Use Case: View Table Status
	The status will be free/occupied/reserved.

Use Case: View order history details
	All previous orders are displayed. Click on a particular order to view it in focus.

Use Case: View customer details 
	All current customers are displayed. Click on a particular customer to view them in focus.

Use Case: View offer details
	All current offers are displayed. Offers typically allot discounts on total bill.

Use Case: View delivery person details
	Delivary persons details are displayed. Emphasis is kept on whether they are free or currently doing a delivery.

For Customers:-
---------------

Use Case: View menu and select items
	All items are displayed to the user. They can select a particular item for ordering. 

Use Case: View cart and confirm the order   
	After viewing their items again in cart, they can apply a offer and confirm their order. 

Use Case: View previous orders
	All previous orders of that user are visible. Clicking on a particular order will open it in focus.
    
Use Case: Change account details

	User can change their details like name, phone no., Address etc.

For Chef:-
-----------
The relevant subset of Owner use cases - (Manage Dishes,Menu,Recipe of dishes)


For Head Waiter:-
------------------
The relevant subset of Owner use cases - (Manage Table Status, Manage Waiters)

Use Case: Change table status
	Can update the status of tables. Free table can be made busy/reserved. Busy table can be freed.

For Inventory Manager :-
--------------------
The relevant subset of Owner use cases - (Manages inventory of items)

Use case : Update about items

	Details about how much of which item was bought will be updated here. This will also  update the attributes of that item in the Items relation.

For Billing Manager:-
-------------------
The relevant subset of Owner use cases - (Managers Orders and Customers)

Use Case: Create an order
	
	Create an order manually after taking order from dine-in customers. Online customers will place orders under their own name.

For Delivery Manager:-
-------------------
The relevant subset of Owner use cases - (Manages Delivery Persons and Area Codes)

Use Case: Assign a delivery person
	
	Delivery manager will assign a delivery person to make a delivery to an online customer. Manager needs to take care of assigning the right delivery location to that delivery person.

